# Productive failures:
## Technological / Human Failures
- rStudio seemed to fail to install on Anaconda Navigator. It was taking a while to install, so I left it for 2 hours whilst I went off and watched a lecture for another class, but when I came back it was still installing, I googled the problem and found that it is a relatively common one with Anaconda Navigator, but it doesn't yet have a fix, so instead I installed rStudio through the Anaconda Powershell using the command line it provides.
- Similarly, installing ffmpeg through the browser, which downloads the application's executable; however, the executable I downloaded seemed to have corrupted, and subsequent attempts to redownload it resulted it in the same problem, so I googled ffmpeg to see if it could be installed through the command line in Anaconda and through that I was able to install ffmpeg, which worked for the bonus.
## Human Failures
- Leftover from last week, as after I submitted last week's journal, I tried making a website on Netlify, which for the life of me I can't seem to get to grips with. I tried for a short while on my own, did some googling, and even asked a fellow classmate, but still to no avail, so instead I opted to use GitHub pages instead, as I have made a website on there before on my personal project's GitHub account, and I have experience from working as a Front-End Developer for a year, which GitHub pages requires as it requires you to code your own website, as they only provide the basic hosting services.
## Technological Failures
- Through this week's work, I have come to realise that the technology that makes digital history possible is somewhat lacking in various departments, so I guess this realisation in of itself is technically productive. For instance...
  - The accuracy of the speech-to-text software leaves something to be desired, as sizeable portion of the words are incorrect meaning that without manually review and editing, the work produced from this technology can't be used as a resource. Some incorrect phrases from performing speech-to-text on the MLK "I have a dream" speech include `16:00 Batman and white man` , ` a state sweltering with the Cheetos Injustice`, `now this is no time Wendy's in Biloxi`. This is due to problems with audio quality and that the speech-to-text technology is still in development and as such isn't perfect.
  - Similarly, to the problems with the speech-to-text software, the Object Character Recognition software also has flaws in terms of its processing of the text as there were a couple of errors in what it produced. Whilst it wasn't anywhere near as bad as the speech-to-text software, it would still require some proof checking once performed in order to ensure accuracy and make the converted documents useable in academic work. 
  - Additionally, all of this software is difficult to install and use for those who aren't technologically inclined as all of these programs that we used for this week were done through text terminals, which could be made more user-friendly through having this software work through GUIs. The difficulty of installing this software is evident in some of the articles about the Bentham project during which the author mentioned having their assistant install the software for them, which is presumably because they don't know how to do it themselves, which in of itself is another problem with this software as it adds another barrier to digital history as those who don't know how to install this software and don't have help, can't use it. 
  
 - The problems with digital history that I can see is sourcing the content for it, as in order to get the documents from paper and other formats to the digital realm, the work must either be done by crowdsourcing, which has a number of ethically issues and requires a lot of oversight, or through the use of flawed software such as the speech-to-text software that was used this week.
